[TypeInfo] Add `IntRangeType` to hold specific type details for `int` builtin types (#59676)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/TypeInfo/CHANGELOG.md

7.3
---

>  * Add `IntRangeType` and `ExplicitStringType` classes to capture more specific type detals for `int` and `string` builtin types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add `IntRangeType` and `ExplicitStringType` classes to hold specific type details for `int` and `string` builtin types
```

 * Deprecate constructing a `CollectionType` instance as a list that is not an array
 * Deprecate the third `$asList` argument of `TypeFactoryTrait::iterable()`, use `TypeFactoryTrait::list()` instead
 * Add type alias support in `TypeContext` and `StringTypeResolver`

>  * Add `IntRangeType` class to hold specific type details for `int` builtin types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add `IntRangeType` class that represents a range of integer values
```
